update discover layer descriptions (#2081)
agrc/gis.utah.gov: discover/resources/index.md

Stated horizontal accuracy of the `Google` imagery is expected to achieve or exceed one meter (CE90) in most areas without significant vertical relief. You can generally expect higher precision in urban areas where existing supplemental ground control was more abundant.

> The `Hexagon` imagery had stated horizontal accuracies of 1.07 and 2.6 meters (CE90), respectively.

Reviewer: **nitpick**: consistency

```suggestion
The `Hexagon` imagery have a stated horizontal accuracies of 1.07 and 2.6 meters (CE90), respectively.
```

Author: i meant to type _has_ but this will work
